
Assignment 4: 2D Animation 

Our group animated the dinosaur extinction scene.  In our animation, T-rexs move their legs to run across the screen at different speeds, while
in the background a shaking volcano erupts and emits debris.  The user can position the meteor with their mouse and click to let it fall to 
the ground.  While falling, the meteor grows in size and produces and explosion with sound effects upon impact with the ground.  After the explosion
subsides, a new meteor will appear.  
This sequence of events runs continuously until the user exits the program.  

There are three separate classes in our code that correspond to the animations of the volcano, dinosaurs, and meteor.

1) Volcano Class
The volcano and debris are created and animated with the help of this class. It animates on it's own, and shakes violently back and forth using a lerp and sin function.

2) Dinosaur Class
Dinosaurs are automatically moving across the screen with animating legs that are linked to the main class, "frame". The speeds and sizes of the dinosaurs are based off of a random function.

3) Meteor Class
The meteor and its characteristics such as shape, size, position, and speed are grouped together as a class.
The method displayMeteor() simply displays the meteor at any x, y, and radius defined and draws a circle. 
Before a user clicks, the x and y positions of the meteor are defined by the position of the mouse.
Once a mouse pressed is detected, the meteor falls. The animations of the falling of the meteor is within a method moveMeteor() 
which changes the x and y positions of the meteor to make it speed up and grow in size while falling. 
The method explode() animates the explosion once the meteor "hits" the ground. To create the explosion effect, the meteor continues to expand
in size while the color and transparency changes from a bright red to a faded yellow. In addition, an explosion sound effect plays once
the meteor hits the ground (part of the EXTRA CREDIT).

Work Divided:
Dinosaur Animation - Seongwoo Jeong
Volcano Eruption Animation - William Sears
Meteor/Explosion Animation - Rebekah Chang

